waiting for Buzz ).
waiting for Buzz ).
late night at the office missed lost:-(.
staying in for the evening Looking forward to a long nights rest:-).
91 plays on Biz's movie:-).
parking in south park Only 2 hours till I get a ticket:-(.
now taking fender off Didnt fit :(.
Belon is like an indelible bloom as she heel spins, bearing absolute sole:-) while always hiding from the paparazzi Who cares if I had a camera, She says "s.
starting dayfeel a little behind since it is actually 11:30AM ESTwho says you can't go back in time - it is only 8:30:-).
just got a manufacturing source in Oakland from dema :).
forgot his phone at home today :(.
wishing I was buzzed:-).
absinthe not feel so the next day :(.
Talking to my coolio brother online).
happy that I found the reset button on the gpsnow FOR more getting lost:-).
mesmerized by jace the kirby master any challengers ).
eating spicy salmon brown rice sushi seaweed salad coconut juice :-).
eatin mex food out with fam aaron bday :).
Home from dance :) watching friends of course.
finished logo in illustrator :).
Oh, and making video art:-).
moms here She just drove up from bakersfield I'm not gonna tall her that I fell asleep in school today:-).
4:00 am, drunk, wondering how my west coast buddies can already be hitting the hay and exactly how much rain my campers can take.
comments on blogger tshirt in Key westhad toruble posted via phone:-(.
twttr t-shirts:-).
also wishing Dan a happy birthday (now that I know ).
oh it's on, now: Jenny will invite everyone I'm at Linda Mar beach again It's crowded but good conditions I surf because I care :).
playing poker :).
laying bed with my new boobies ).
head rockin the early blackeyed peas Smiling about the great time I had last night:-) AND sooo looking fwd to coachella next year.
current place: home current annoyance: back hurting currently doing:channel surfing current mood:boredom.
vicoden and valium time for bed ).
On My Way To See Boobies And Work Those Tips Just Drove By Odeo Office Feeling A New Connectionawww Hallie =).
Sore sore sore :( hoping for a better day tomorrow.
Hmmm Got Parking Ticket At School Where Is Permitlost Somewhere In Coachella Car Crazinessi Heart Twttr Hallie =).
Actually, I am working on twttr:-) at this time the studio is in much better hands.
on my way home 6min to bed:-).
Feeling Distracted Today,not Able To Focus-irritated At The Way My Plans Unfolded Last Nightcant Wait Til Semester Is Over Feeling Overwhelmed Hallie =).
deploying studioodeocom Woot.
Back To Work From Yummy Thai Food Break5 Hours Untiltotal Blisshope U R Having Fun Jack In ST LOuie and crystal at catpower Hallie =).
heading out Didn't think that today would be very productive, but it was Also, people are liking our new baby: studioodeocom.
On Break In North Bch Craziness Two Shots Down Hallie =).
http://wwwyoutubecom/watchv=dMH0bHeiRNg&ampeurl.
Thinking I Agree With Noah That A Nap In The Sunshine Would B Perfectalthough I Would Add A Beach And Cold Lemonadeor Coconut Juice :-D.
Iced Hazelnut Latte W/ Whip Cream Is Yummy Agreeing W/ Crystal &amp Cant Wait To Be Homemaybe I Will Jump Into Her Fluffy Bed With 6 Pillows &ampTake A Nap :&#220).
aww, my poor stressed out twitter buddies :(.
you jamba copiers  :).
finally in your world again :).
The Good Ole 152 Drive Safe Krissy Cant Wait To See U Hallie =).
thinking that oysters at bacar on thurs and fri happyhour would be funlook isn't that cuteour first twttr ad:-).
Ahhh Can Not Believe I Am Missing It Will B There Soon Hallie =).
mission:impossible - my hands sweated, my brain did not :D.
done packing :).
wondering y no one is twttring today :(.
4got my phone today :( Doing inventory w/ glenn soon.
missing crystal :(.
Going To The Glass Kat For Death Guildfinishing The Night Off With Tori, Tool, The Cure Hallie =).
happy that my boss lets me ventshes sweet :).
and jack likes his rugs wild bachelor :).
Havnt Had Lunch Yet And Only Coffee For Breakfastagreeing With Noah On Meeting Deadlineswanting Food &amp A Cold Margaritawith Salt :&#220).
Dancing around my clean room :).
Who needs the weatherman My knees are screaming to me that it's going to rain :(.
Im Drinking Jasmine Tea Too What R The Odds Goodmorning Jackor Good-noonk Hallie In A Very Cool (dorky) Mood :&#220).
&quoti cant stand the rainagainst my window&quot compiling the info cat was requesting n gettin pd 4 it naughty naughty ) not gonna flake.
A cookie for Em and not me Now i'm hurt And craving cookies C u two soon :).
home from 1 of my favorite places In shape City but sadly could not do everything i wanted =( Soon.
thinking we should plan an intervention for the coconut juice addict =).
It's ok Emily, I'm going to Jamba Juice later, wanna come  :P to nic.
cleaning the chamber 429sqft of everything this is my lost island push the button108 minutespush it:-).
Leaving Beautiful Park With Jack And  Noahon Our Way To Have Spanish Hot ChocolateHallie  =).
Its Officiali Like MIAespecially while driving thru peaceful golden gate park&#194&#191-Hallie  =).
Purchased Today:a Book And Musicalthough No MIAhmm, oh and spanish hot chocolate/puddingthank u jacki Hallie  =).
Civic Center Is Covered In Red Paper Lanterns And Opera Music Is Echoing Thru The Streets Beautiful&#194&#191-Hallie  =).
Sea Of Peopleso Happywait Have To Dance&#194&#191-Hallie  =).
Syd Cris Comin On Strong After Tiesto Good Job We Will C Him TomorrowHallie  =).
I Think I Just Danced Outside My Skinall Night&#194&#191-Hallie  =).
Ahh Howardthe duck Singing Song  Wow Just Walkd Outside Beautiful DayHallie  =).
Haha I Luv Fastrackbye Bye TrafficHallie  =).
No Customersnot Even Any Dancers Wonder If They Would Notice If I LeftHallie  =).
I Love Twttring Hallie  =).
off to play cards Yeah, i'm a dork :).
Less Than An Hour To Go Its Actually Been FunHallie  =).
LOUD Is The Only Way To Listen To MIA YayHallie  =).
Red watercolor burns the lips but tastes a bit sweet And I'm lookin all vampire and shit:-).
laughing at biz cuz he is the funniest person I knowwhich could b saying alotmaybe:-).
Showering In Sunhad Such A Nice Time With The Gang Last NightHallie  =).
EatingYummy Peanut Butter Cookies That I Maderelaxing And Enjoying My Viewi Hallie  =).
reading until the nyquil sets in, then happy dreams :).
dad when should we eat 6:00.
drinking aquafina and sending cat an email she will b soooO proud of me Now im only semi flake :).
awww jeremiah welcome :-).
JERA-MUYAH  So Glad U R Part Of The Twttr CrewHallie  =).
i luv jenni :) girls always got my backupdating text plan to keep up with twttr freaks.
happy morning :) Watching national spelling bee cus my dad won't shut up about it.
Oww Smashed 3 Fingers In Door Last Night And They Hurt  Going To Gym Despite Sleepyness And Broken Fingers:-(.
Got Off Work At 2:15 Still Trying To Get On The F@*#@ Bridge  :-).
Crystal Did The DewyHallie  =).
V S Wow We all can be at one big get together at the same place face to face and we would all still be twttring each other Ha ha just kidding :).
Watching Grease :).
remind me to play the songs for you that I wrote when I was 19 I just found a CD Wow I misunderstood how misunderstood I was:-).
